The day after I have done the online poll with basic questions, I have got 13 answers. After looking through all of them I was stunned. Since today, I was completely
sure that only a few of us in the class had these many problems when we came to Denmark, but to my surprise I was wrong. According to the answers, almost 100% of participants had the same problems as I had!
After looking at my results I came to the conclusion that all of the future generations of students in the city of Aarhus should be able to get access to the magazine where they can find
everything that one international should know in first few weeks of arrival. In this list I could not stress enough how hard was it to do paperwork since I lived in temporary accommodation which doesn't even have the address from more than a month, we were twice declined. Reason for that was the papers which are stating that we will
stay at this address for at least 4 more weeks...To get that paper and to apply for the residency permit and CPR we were forced to skip school because everything closes at 3, then finding a student job while knowing what to search for and also knowing how many hours you have to work.
On the other hand, in future when magazine becomes for popular between students, besides all of these "most important" things, we could cover even smaller things such as: How to buy a bus ticket, what type of bus ticket is the most affordable, where can you find the cheapest stores? And so one...
This was my personal opinion from what I have seen so far, but from now on I am going to present you the answers from the actual poll, where you can easily see what I have got so far!

Question 1:
	Slika
	There is nothing much to say about this question. The point of it was just to welcome people with a simple question!
Question 2:
	Slika 
	From 13 people who participated in the pole, only 3 of them stayed in Aarhus more than a month before university. This was not surprising, but from my point of view, this is the thing where the problem begins.
	Our university started one month ago which tells us that most of us came here right before begging. Because of that, there was not much time to adapt to the whole different culture.
	So this is where my magazine kicks in. If every one of us had opportunity to have simply structured website with instructions and suggestions before we came here we could
	prepare ourselves much better and easier.
Question 3:
	Slika
	So, for the third question, I basically wanted to get straight to my point. That is why I have put only 3 options as answers! But those 3 are the most common struggles according to the new arrivals!
	From the answers people had given we can see that most of them had issues regarding finding a student job. There are many facebook groups and websites where students can search for a regular job, but also only a few of them knows that right in front of them in our university there is a place where you can see job offers. There is no one to blame here, lack of information leads
	to many issues so I will use this big percentage of 46% and focus on that while writing the article about "job hunting"!
Question 4:
	Slika
	I think that only by looking at the stats from this question everyone can see what am I talking about. From all people who attended in the pole, only one could catch up with school before solving this issues. From my point of view, it clearly tells us that something is wrong. My point when asking this question was asked to prove that either student should be noticed that they might come to Aarhus 2 weeks earlier because they can not keep up with their studies. From my personal experience, I regret that I haven't come here at least 2 weeks before university started because then I would not have misunderstood first assignments at school and I could have better point ranking on them too...
Question 5:
	From the date I have collected, it was kind of logical to get this answer. I just wanted to get the insight on how did everyone get the actual info. In my case, I had to find someone to help me too.

First 5 questions were more personal. Even though they gave me very good insight of things which they have done so far, to make the pole more simple and to keep participants interested in, I 
changed the topic of questions from experiences to the actual website and idea behind it!

Question 6:
Question 7:
Question 8:
Question 9:
Question 10:

First of all, I wanted to ask people for one more time if they like the idea of making this magazine just to be sure! I didn't get any negative answers, so I was ready to ask questions about
actual content. From the answers, I was pretty sure what people want to see! Everyone said that they are looking for a basic website with not much content on it, website without many colours to keep
focus on the theme, website with primary content so they can easily find the results for what they want to see. On the other hand almost half of participants are not interested in many videos, so
to keep both sides happy content will have only the most important videos, and in the future when this idea gets bigger and more famous, I would combine important information with another web page
where people can see interesting events and so on...










Even though online pole gave me the very good insite of what people think about my idea, on another side I was not entairly sure what other students think about my design and how would they feel
while reading content on my website.

 